To create a react project we use the command create-react-app
its always better to use tis command , as it provides certain build in code , we need not type 
our code from scratch and also , bubble and webpack are also configured automatically which
are responsible for running and compilin the Jsx and react . 
If we dont use the command for creating a react app , then we need to configure them independently


Use command npx create-react-app <name_of_project>
Note: 
npx is a tool which is used to run (create-react-app) code in the internet . And 
installs the new project with the name <name_of_project>

steps: navigate where we need to create react app
-> then use the above command , which createes a project structure inside the folder(whose name is 
<name_of_project>)
hence use cd <name_of_project>
then use code . => to open the project in the vs code editor.

Finally it opens the program structure in the vs code ,
public folder : This contains all the files which are public to the browser,
It contains the index.html file , which contains a div tag with root as id , hence all the components
which are present and created in the src folder will be renderred inside this div tag .

src folder : This folder contains all the components which can be rendered into the div tag inside the 
index.html file . 
It contains the file by the name index.js , from which we render all the components like app component
which are present inside the src folder itself into the index.html file inside the public folder
, To understand it properly navigate to index.js .
Indide the index.js we have used React.StrictMode which is used to give the warnings to the users
in the console .

babble is the one which takes the entire code present in the components which is actually written 
in jsx and converts them into the html format and renders the html coponents into the index.html.

Every component contains the function whose name shoud always start with a capital letter , 
And this function returns a a component which is return in jsx and rendered into index.html from the 
index.js file present in src folder. 

Their are some differences between Jsx files and html files :
the class(in html)  is ClassName in Jsx,
we use this attribute because the components are the js files eg : app.js 
hence when we use class (this is a reserved word in javascript)
hence insteard of class we use ClassName in jsx

Note: In the older versions of react less than version 17 , we needd to import react in every 
component , above that we need not import the react .
import React from 'react'

And at the end of every component we need to export the component , import the componets inside 
the index.js file to render components into the index.html file . 
